[expo][hmr] Reload through the platform helper when an async chunk registers after Metro disconnects (#48944)
expo/expo: packages/expo/CHANGELOG.md

- [iOS] Add ExpoBundleConfiguration to derive RCTBundleConfiguration from the normalized bundle URL instead of default shared settings singleton ([#48010](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/48010) by [@kitten](https://github.com/kitten))
- [iOS] Resolve the dev server port from the `RCTMetroPort` Info.plist key at runtime so bare projects without expo-dev-client connect to their own Metro instance instead of defaulting to 8081. ([#48098](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/48098) by [@alanjhughes](https://github.com/alanjhughes))
- Fix async imports (`import(...)`) via `asyncRequireModule` not a thenable instead of a full promise shape ([#48550](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/48550) by [@kitten](https://github.com/kitten))

> - Fix `TypeError: Cannot read property 'reload' of undefined` when an async chunk loads after Metro disconnects in a native project without `@expo/metro-runtime`. ([#48932](https://github.com/expo/expo/issues/48932))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix `window.location` being called regardless of `@expo/metro-runtime` being present on native when an async chunk loads after Metro disconnects ([#48944](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/48944) by [@expo-bot](https://github.com/expo-bot))
```
